Past Bob: Man, I’m starving... Guess I’ll just have frozen pizza for dinner again.
Past Bob: Time to finally relax from a long day of work.
Phone: Ring, ring!
Past Bob: Ugh, what is it now?
Past Bob: Hello?
Co-worker: Hey Bob! I’m calling because I’ve noticed you've been looking sluggish lately, is everything alright?
Past Bob: Yeah, everything’s been ok, I’ve just been uh…
Past Bob: Well actually, I haven’t been doing well at all.
Co-worker: Oh, what happened?
Past Bob: A few days ago, our boss accused me of incorrectly setting down the foundation that put our client project one month behind.
Co-worker: Oh, that’s terrible. I know you’re not the kind of clumsy guy to do that.
Past Bob: I don’t think he did. The boss said Steve saw me setting it down, which I didn’t.
Co-worker: Ah, Steve. Makes sense, He always kisses up to the boss. It annoys me so goddamn much.
Past Bob: Yeah, the boss wouldn’t even believe me when I said I didn’t steal. He even threatened to cut my pay to minimum wage AND make my overtime unpaid if I didn’t take full responsibility.
Past Bob: I know I didn’t do it, so I told him again that I wasn’t the one who set it down incorrectly and now my pay got cut and all my overtime now amounts to nothing and I’ve been barely eating because of it!
Co-worker: I’m so sorry…
Co-worker: I know this is a really difficult time for you, and I truly believe you didn’t do anything wrong.
Co-worker: You’re one of our best employees, you always show up to work on time, and you always greet everyone with a smile despite all the crap the boss puts you through.
Co-worker: Hell, you even get the best feedback from our clients. You deserve a job that treats you better.
Co-worker: How about I buy you food until this all settles down?
Past Bob: ... *tears*
Past Bob: No, I can’t let you do that.
Co-worker: Please? I’d hate to see you starving. You’re a good person to me.
Past Bob: Fine, but let me pay you back someday!
Player Bob: I remember crying myself to sleep that night.
Player Bob: Even though I asked myself if I truly deserved all the bad things that happened in my life and prayed for good things to finally happen, I asked myself at this moment if I truly deserved that much kindness from someone.
Player Bob: I was on the fence about everything that night, but he did give me food as he promised.
Player Bob: Maybe I do deserve good things to happen to me.