Door: Knock, knock!
Teenager: Hey Bob! You probably don’t know me, but I’m Sally’s granddaughter, Angela.
Past Bob: Oh hi Angela, is your grandmother doing well?
Angela: Yes, she’s doing well! Thank you for fixing her house up for cheap! We haven’t been able to pay for it to get it fixed earlier since we’ve been struggling to pay for her chemo.
Past Bob: Chemo? Your grandmother has cancer?
Angela: Yes, she has stage 3 pancreatic cancer.
Angela: The past few months have been scary for our family, but we hope to spend as much time with her as we can.
Angela: She’s been complaining about the problems in her house for a long time now. Ever since she’s been diagnosed with cancer, the complaints have increased.
Angela: But thanks to you, she’s now happy to live in a place without any huge problems, haha!
Angela: She still complains about other stuff as always, but we all love her.
Past Bob: Oh, I’m so sorry to hear that. Well, I’m glad that she’s feeling better about her house at least. 
Past Bob: How about this? I’ll give you my number and if Sally needs anything fixed in her house, call or text me and I’ll fix it up for her for free.
Angela: Oh, I can’t let you do that.
Past Bob: No, I insist! 
Past Bob: What matters is that your grandmother gets to live in a house where she feels comfortable, and doesn’t have to worry about the cost of fixing things in her house.
Past Bob: I haven’t been feeling the greatest recently, but seeing people happy from what I do brightens up my whole day.
Angela: Thank you so much!
Angela: This is probably the best thing to happen to us since my grandma got diagnosed with cancer!
Angela: We’ll pay you back someday, I promise!
Past Bob: No need to, I insist!
Angela: I’ll make sure to tell my family about this, thank you so so much! :)
Player Bob: Since then, I started doing work behind the company’s eyes.
Player Bob: Not sure if that’s allowed, but I am using their tools?
Player Bob: Maybe I should just quit my job…
Player Bob: Maybe I should run as an independent handyman?
Player Bob: One where I’m my own boss.
Player Bob: I’m already on very good terms with most of the company’s clients.
Player Bob: I could tell them that I’m working independently now.
Player Bob: And maybe offer the elderly my services for free.
Player Bob: Hmm, maybe I should do that.
Player Bob: My future seems to be looking brighter. I guess doors are starting to open for me.
Player Bob: I've finally found... what's behind the door.